Ah, keep it down
reinstall
Look at you digging
Then I'll give it to you for free.
I want that one.
You really know how to rip off money.
This costs 100 taels.
At least make up the difference
I didn't bring any silver
You didn't bring silver, you touched it for a long time and teased me
It's nice to have this.
Can be worth 50 points
Then I'll give it to you.
This girl is in a good mood today and invites you to eat puffs
That puff?
Ah eat slowly
Don't waste it.
Ah!
Why did you choke on it?
Drink soda
Hey, drink slowly
It's easy to drink too much
Ah big brother
Ah little guard
It's getting late today, I have to go back first, by the way
Come to me if you want a soda.
Only I can do it in Zhongzhaoguo, bye
Hello
Emperor
Go after her and find out who she is